CORRECT	is it true that a beautiful floor with the mouse with a mouse in the pickle on a sandwich in every delicious mouse kissed a beautiful sandwich ?
CORRECT	is it true that a floor ate every president ?
CORRECT	a mouse kissed every beautiful president in the floor !
CORRECT	is it true that a pickle pickled a fine mouse ?
CORRECT	every sandwich pickled the mouse !
CORRECT	a floor ate every mouse !
CORRECT	is it true that every sandwich ate every floor ?
CORRECT	the floor on the floor on a sandwich under a sandwich in a sandwich washed a pickle .
CORRECT	is it true that a delicious mouse in the president in every pickle under every pickle washed the pickle on the president with a pickle in a floor ?
CORRECT	the president with every sandwich in every pickle on every pickle with every sandwich in a president in every sandwich wanted the mouse on every pickle with every sandwich .
CORRECT	is it true that the pickle kissed a sandwich with the president ?
CORRECT	every pickle wanted a sandwich .
CORRECT	is it true that every pickle washed the mouse in a mouse with a fine president under a president ?
CORRECT	every pickle pickled the president .
CORRECT	a floor ate the beautiful sandwich !
CORRECT	every mouse with a mouse on the mouse wanted a pickle .
CORRECT	is it true that every sandwich ate every delicious floor in a floor ?
CORRECT	a pickle with every fine sandwich under a pickle with a mouse pickled the president !
CORRECT	is it true that the president under every president pickled a floor ?
CORRECT	the floor ate the mouse with a pickle on the president under a beautiful beautiful mouse on the president on a sandwich under the mouse !
CORRECT	every pickle washed a pickle !
CORRECT	is it true that a beautiful floor washed a floor with a floor ?
NOT CORRECT	a sandwich floor pickled the pickle !
NOT CORRECT	the floor floor ate a floor .
NOT CORRECT	is it sandwich that a sandwich ate a sandwich sandwich ?
NOT CORRECT	the president pickled every.
NOT CORRECT	is sandwich sandwich that a beautiful floor washed a floor with a floor ?
NOT CORRECT	every pickle every every president !
NOT CORRECT	president pickle wanted every president !
NOT CORRECT	fine fine pickle kissed every president in every president !
NOT CORRECT	sandwich delicious floor kissed a sandwich .
